the
that fuel saving experiment launched
brother st. Lucie County Sheriff's
Department appears to be a bust
newsChannel 5 Zurich English who's been
in hot pursuit of results for about
three months now joins us with more on
those results Tim the sheriff's office
installed the controversial hydro 4,000
units back in mid-june what was supposed
to be a 30 day test has turned into a
90-day ordeal but now the results are in
and they're not that impressive and
guess what with the device on we were
now averaging 20 3.2 miles to the gallon
when newsChannel 5 put the hydro 4000
fuel saving device to the test in May
and came back with impressive results a
lot of people were watching I did see
your test actually I think it was your
dodge that they put the application on
st. Lucie County Sheriff ken mascara was
one of those viewers he installed two of
the units in his fleet in June but until
today had yet to release the results of
what he forecast to be a one-month test
Treasure Coast resident Taylor Sisto is
developing his own version of the hydro
4000 based on the same principles and he
anticipated positive results oh I know
it works no it works I mean look at the
internet you know there's a lot of
controversy on the subject but there's
been enough out there to prove it to be
true the units claim to increase fuel
efficiency by breaking down water and
introducing hydrogen and oxygen to the
engines combustion chambers allowing
gasoline to burn more completely sisto
said the results would speak for
themselves but the results don't look
promising this graph released by the
sheriff shows the fuel economy of one of
the cars equipped with the hydro 4000
over two months time sporadic at best
the service report lists the unit as
having several problems including a
blown fuse burn wires and leaks Sisto is
disappointed with the poor results and
says the technology behind the devices
remains uncertain leading some to wonder
if the steps to better fuel economy are
more than just add water
stays it stays in that shady you know
gray area now I spoke with the principal
behind the device earlier today he said
he was not aware of the Sheriff's Office
findings and would get back to me so far
that hasn't happened reporting live Eric
English WPTV newsChannel five
you